to 78 that they say we are already in a
new butterfield 4 video and call of duty
go what are you going to see after
Good more when this streak of
funds I've brought two streaks like me
I said one of butterfield 4 and another of
colau ticos but good I leave it in the background
because what I'm going to talk about is good
let's talk about today is about
first episode of a newbie's diary
Okay, you know how good I liked it
put that name to the series
the fact is that I'm going to give you tips tips
how do you want to call about good as not
make so many mistakes
good when you are starting a channel
from youtube you know that this series is going to
treat about good to a series of
episodes in which I basically
I will give you advice and opinions more or
less about how to avoid making mistakes
common when we are starting our
youtube channel so the first one is going to
be the how to get the name is worth
the name is something we are going primordial
It looks like bullshit but it's pretty
important and guys I'm sincere
you have to take a name that is something
symbolic something good you can
recognize your followers obviously me
the truth gave me a name to you hd that
it's the weirdest possible thing is not to say
and obviously I like my name
because obviously I did not wear it
but you also have to be something else
You know, I'm worthless
that name is not really thinking about
on YouTube it's worth what it's been
oysters how will you find the audience
another attitude and I'm going to make another episode
of these from the novice diary about how
be known but one of the factors
it's also the name obviously if
Name guys put something on youtube
which describes the content that your visa
your channel are going to have a
superiority over your competence
brutal is to say imagine you climbed
for better blog if you put the one of
youtube name as the best the
best blogs in the world or if you go up
gameplays of the cloud and you put of
name with guti gameplay or the best
Call of duty gameplay or things like that
thing is that me that is the name seems
silly but it's super important
obviously, guys, I, for example, do not
I put in any kind of name like that
special simply put me the name
what I liked in this case is
things I'm going to explain why selene does not
knows apple laws the push is a
mix of buzz lightyear and woody and
then the
it's basically because there's no bus
I could not here you are watching a rachita
of captives the truth I liked a lot
I took out the gein and everything but good
case guys is that I also come to give you
an example such as that of a
youtuber which I liked very much
the strategy that used the truth I do not see
its their gameplays the truth is that I do not
like youtuber, it does not call me much
but the truth is the strategy course
It was super smart I really liked it
much the strategy he used and the
truth is that he is doing very well, that is to say
It has hundreds of thousands of subscribers
so it's a good example and it's the
example of ait even gameplay as you see has
used a YouTube channel that is
a name for your super youtube channel
important and super smart out in a
used the word gameplay in his
name of gameplay then obviously if you
you look at the titles that I put on the
video I always play gameplay
battlefield gameplay of gta or gameplay
of something for copy is what I upload and
if the sub gameplay of something
simply because of its channel name
from youtube the word gameplay already has
superiority have a good advantage
about the rest of the competition is
tell
it's just a kind of strategy that
I can provide you with the time to collect
or I do not know how to say it I do not know how
explain it describe it simply to the
time to connect with more people more
audience then this mini super good
the case is that another example if you go up
blogs then you have to have something of
blogs in the name or if you go up I know
How to make cakes, then?
channel so you could do better how to do
the best cakes or how to make
pies know well I know things but
guys the truth is fine that you use
that strategy the truth I would have
used what happens is that I did not have
so much experience on this from youtube
but the name also has to be
something I do not know something that describes you to
you something symbol that someone who
your audience when they go to
name then that you name for something is
say for example I'll give you a
example
güidi rex the name of wikileaks is a
name that describes you perfectly is
a pretty cool name is a symbol
what symbolizes him and him specifically
and obviously if someone says by the
street willy rex as everyone knows
who is talking about but obviously
with rex does not use any type of
strategy
so gameplay best gameplays of things
so environment did not need
because he was one of the first ones he did not
missing but today the competition is
so brutal so big that the more
bonus the more advantage you put to yourself
same then easier that is going to suppose
grow up not but good the case guys is
I wanted to talk to you about this is good
small tip a small strategy small
I do not know how I will follow the schedules of
this series the truth the best suv o
when you really want to odesur
when I feel like some days
I will bring gameplays commented on some
kind of theme of the good ones that you
have to talk and others game well
other days I will bring you also gameplays
of this kind not helping you to
those that are beginning to grow and you
I say this episode has been about the
name if you have any kind of doubt
you can leave it in the comments already
I say summary try to get in the
name of our YouTube channel something
that describes you so much yourselves
as the content that you are bringing to
I already tell you, imagine that you are a
man me that I know what it is or why
example my name of this case something that
symbolizes me because I love is toy
story would have put me to the best
look for employment
there is the gameplay for example as the
name of my website is not something that
that I already tell you to symbolize but that
also describes at the same time the
content that you are uploading to the channel and
so you will have advantages over yours
competition is worth please I'll try
abstain to put the strange names
like for example the name that I put myself
I obviously spouses put names
Strangers is fine as long as
they are symbolizing something but insured
that you also have something that I know
placed a pen with which to compensate not me
I get married for example put me a name
super weird and at the same time I did not put
nothing to compensate for what then in
certain way I'm disadvantaged not the
most people do not put any
kind of names about monkeys about
content of which they are uploading to their
channel so to the minimum that you
put some kind of description in
your name our YouTube channel
you are going to have an advantage over
human and passional nonsense but it's
it's really worth guys so nothing
I just wanted but he wanted
show you this little rachita in the background too
he wanted us good and I tell you to help in
this to start on youtube
is your name that is the first 1000
Now I'm going to do a lot more things
I have quite a few things already thought
I say I do not know how the
schedule and guys have you also
I asked to upload more killzone I will try
make more episodes of this with killzone
of background but good the case yes is that if
you liked it if you found it useful
this video I would love it to boot
xisco I will share it with your friends
so good for you to get more
people to be able to help even more
people and a girl and whips has you
liked to vote it shared we see the
7 episode to all guys is already
infinite and beyond and if you like the
video do not forget to subscribe to me
page of parental art of all
contests and raffles that you are making
on this website and you can also follow me
both on facebook and on twitter for
find out everything I do in each
moment if you like the video do not forget
vote on share and see you at 7